1. We created an amazing app. This is a service that provides persons, who have savings on their bank account, to invest in a local business.
2. As young entrepreneurs, we faced such problems like a reluctance crediting local business by big banks because of high risks and low profit for them.
The second problem was that local business could not get credit with good conditions.
In addition, one more idea, which moved us to create this app, was that many people do not use their free money in an efficient way. Therefore, we offer them to create money from the air.
3. How do we want to help people using our project? For example, Mr. Tom Riddle likes Garrick Ollivander workshop. He enjoys every magic stick that Garrick create. To expand his business Garrick needs more money from a bank, but he cannot take credit with the best requirements. Then Mr. Garrik discovers for himself our platform, where he can get a short-term loan with low percent and places there a request. After a few days, Mr. Tom receives a notification from Local Investor to invest his free money in Mr. Garrik's credit. When he finished with creating his profile of investor, he starts to invest his money in Mr. Garrik's and other 9 credits with equal shares.
4. Our main advantage over other similar platforms is that we recommend to our customers business that will be interesting for them, based on what they like on Facebook or where they spend last weekend. That personalized suggestion motivate customers to share request of local businesses, they have a passion to. Also, we check last purchases and offer the best solution for investment.
5. Benefits for all. More credits for banks mean more money for them.It opens new sector for banking, where all risks borne by customers. For customers, it's a perfect way to spend their cash savings and also support local businesses they interested in. And  for small companies, it is a great way to take more comfortable conditions on their credits
6. It's not a crowdfunding! The main difference - is that client get dividends from the first week of usage. He takes a part in short-term crediting of small business that could pay back almost immediately. In that outline, the bank takes a fee on every payment,  but it's much less than usual. It's worse than just giving a credit on usual rate, but it allows the bank to get new financial flow only from taking small charge for usage.